Michelle hey I'm good I'm good a little
bit nervous uh it's my first
professional gig so yeah a little
nervous that's all I've been studying
witch trials witch hunts for a couple
weeks now so I'm really just trying to
get right into the role I'm kind of a
method actor I guess you could say so I
just want to get started and pretty
excited action
greetings my little minions I want told
to write a number between 1 and 12 watts
and rats have one chance to guess what
it is hi okay nice start it would be
great if you could give us a bit more
that accent on this next day more okay
okay yeah let's uh let's roll it okay
and action
greetings my little minions I want Todd
to write a number
between 1 & 12 watts and rats have one
chance to guess what it is okay chi mei
not bad definitely not too much it's
still a little too naturalistic I really
want to see in the witch okay not
Michelle the actress Rebecca she was
burned alive for witchcraft okay got it
yeah okay we really want to showcase
that the burning alive part got it okay
that's great okay ready and action
greetings my little minions good god
okay Michelle I know you have it in you
okay just become the which if you
remember you're slowly turning into a
pig sorry like a pig which or which pig
whatever oh okay okay action I certainly
know what he wants for me I was like
trying to do this one accent but I just
don't really know if it's working and
maybe I didn't research it or not for
something but I I'm not even sure if
he's liking what I'm doing it's just
kind of freaking me out but it's gonna
get dive right into the role and I can't
wait stoked hey Michelle can I get you
any water or coffee or is there anything
that obey
swine okay
hey there mama wolf I notice what big
ears you have to get my point
you know what I mean point my point is
that it would you like to go on a date
with me on Friday roll again Thursday
evening yeah
all right let's do this people okay
action
silence this wine branded with the
highest number confess what month were
you born in and what is the number of
that month pink and cut that was great a
shout thanks so much milk let's get her
to make up and move on to the next scene
thanks so much
hey guys what'd you think about that
last hang I don't know I like her name
the show lassie and how's it going
hi
bro what guy
what